Gedare-PR-issues-for-v3


Inline notes provided. The writing style of some sections needs to be tweaked to be less report-oriented ("We did/do this") and more manual-oriented ("This is how to do...")


.gitignore
---------
lines 5-6
Don't add IDE-specific ignores here. They belong better in your personal .gitignore.

approaches
----------

lines 14-17
Too specific to the ESA project's language probably. Better to be generic "formats useful for qualification." maybe

line 23
for for

lines 24-27
better to refer explicitly to the section name and document name, in case this ever moves, or that ever moves.

lines 28-31
The use of "we" to refer to the performers of the activity is not appropriate in a manual. That is part of the presentation problem here that makes it read more like a report than a manual. In the manuals, "we" is probably only useful to refer to the RTEMS Project, if at all. It's not really appropriate at all though.

lines 171-174
It may be useful to refer explicitly to "RTEMS pre-qualification" ? This is probably a general sub-project that needs to be defined, to encapsulate both any refernces to ESA-sponsored activity, and to all other activity related to qualification support provided via RTEMS Project.


maintenance
-----------

lines 7-10
That was something I thought I had removed - it was something you raised the first time around.

appendix-fv
-----------

line 9 
I think there should be a consistent way of acknowledging suport, but at any rate this seems out of place.
AB: will remove

line 13
Not appropriate to specifically call out sponsors in sections of our manuals.

lines 34-35
This all reads like a project report, rather than a manual. Although the references to the completed MSc dissertations are appreciated and useful, they should be better integrated where the work that was done is described within the manual itself. The start of this appendix should better explain what is being shown here, i.e., the detailed examples of the above modelings. You might also link to the relevant sections.

lines 110-113
links to the docs don't work properly in a release, because once you release it is no longer master branch. I don't remember the recommended way, but I believe it is preferred to simply state the name and section of the relevant doc instead.

threadq-modelling
-----------------

lines 95-98
excess vertical whitespace should be avoided.

tool-setup
----------

lines 22-25
this is repetitive to some text in the Promela section.
AB: ok - I'll remove one - perhaps from the Promela section

lines 64-47
remove this text. you may mention that there are scripts available to assist this within rtems-central.

